[Music]
say a rosary before you walk out the
door
and remember the bold heart gotcha and
we have the separates back
besides that I've got two
thirds mash and one-third of greasy
minced lamb that's not the shepherd's
pie I know I'd like me to taste now
because each and every one of those
owners need to know what kind of
has been served
you got it fine young he wants all three
of you to taste the that you serve
people and that's like something you get
in the cafeteria at college it's aw stop
it was like Hello I think maybe I have
like the palate of a five-year-old or
something we don't know anything after a
sampling of what has been referred to as
spuddy hell a disappointed Chef Ramsay
heads to the kitchen to meet the owners
21 year old niece and head chef Danielle
how are you your bad chef yeah
where did you study I actually have no
formal experience so you don't even a
trained chef Jesus why did you come here
is that Jeff just to help out the family
that's a joke oh this is not a career
choice for me
[Music]
is there anything on that menu that you
put on yourself personally or wasn't the
kind of you've inherited before you
came here I haven't put anything you
just continued yes processing that crap
I can't blame you entirely because you
shouldn't even be cooking here that
you're for the dirt because of family
reasons but more importantly only been
given the chance to cook or to learn how
to cook properly to worry about
everything you said so hopefully he just
knows how to help us out we don't freeze
here there's your answer their food is
god bless that critic spuddy hell
right now was being very kind because
the food is dreadful
okay see you later see ya I'll be back
unbelievable here we've got a situation
with a menu passed down from a bad chef
to an inexperienced chef and all three
owners call it comfort food it's frozen
food and I'm not comfortable that at all
[Music]